README.md, before:

# SteamOS Clear Linux

SteamOS-Clear is a set of scripts to create a SteamOS application on your Clear Linux.

It will do the following:

* Create the `steam` user account if it does not exist.
* Install steam, if it is not installed.
* Install the Steam Compositor and Steam Mode Switch.
* Install the latest Nvidia drivers (must restart and rerun nvidia_installer.sh)
* Configure autologin for the `steam` user account.
* Create `reboot-to-[steamos,desktop]-mode` scripts to switch between sessions.
* Create `steamos-fg` script for games that won't run in the foreground on the SteamOS Compositor.

## Installation
Installation is very simple. Follow these steps to install SteamOS-Clear:
 
`git clone https://github.com/captsilver/steamos-clear.git`   
`cd steamos-clear`    
`sudo ./install.sh "insert steam user name here"`

## Advanced Options
The installation script has several options that you can specify upon installation
in the form of environment variables. You can specify these options by prefixing
running the install script with the options you want.

For example, if you want to disable installing OpenSSH and run the script non-
interactively, you can run this command:

`INCLUDE_OPENSSH=false NON_INTERACTIVE=true sudo ./install.sh`

Here is the list of all the available installation options:

| Option Name          | Default | Description                                              |
| -------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `INCLUDE_OPENSSH`    | true    | Whether or not OpenSSH server should be installed        |
| `INCLUDE_SAKURA`     | true    | Whether or not to install a terminal emulator            |
| `INCLUDE_FFMPEG`     | true    | Whether or not to install ffmpeg                         |
| `INCLUDE_PROTONFIX`  | true    | Whether or not to install Protonfix                      |
| `INCLUDE_GPU_DRIVERS`| true    | Whether or not to install the latest GPU drivers         |
| `GPU_TYPE`           | auto    | GPU drivers to install. Can be: auto, nvidia, amd, intel |
| `NON_INTERACTIVE`    | false   | Whether or not to prompt the user during install         |

## FAQ

### How can I switch between desktop mode and SteamOS mode?

After installation, there will not be an easy way to switch between a regular
Gnome desktop session and Steam. In order to make it easier to switch between
the two, there are two commands that are installed that will let you switch 
between the two:

* `reboot-to-desktop-mode` - sets gnome as the default session and reboots
* `reboot-to-steamos-mode` - sets steam as the default session and reboots

You can access the terminal from Steam by adding a local shortcut for `Sakura`.

### Some games aren't launching correctly in SteamOS mode
When using the SteamOS compositor, some games start behind the big picture UI and
no graphics are displayed. The `steamos-fg` script forces such games to be shown 
in the foreground.

Affected games this script fixes include:

    Dead Cells
    Dirt Rally
    Civilization VI
    The Count Lucanor
    Mad Max

To fix this, add `steamos-fg %command%` to the launch options for each game you 
wish to use this script with.

## Attributions
* Alkazar for [steamos-fg](https://github.com/alkazar/steamos-fg)
* ShadowApex for [steamos-ubuntu](https://github.com/ShadowApex/steamos-ubuntu)

Commit message:

Updated Readme with Nvidia suggests

README.md, after:

# SteamOS Clear Linux

SteamOS-Clear is a set of scripts to create a SteamOS application on your Clear Linux.

It will do the following:

* Create the `steam` user account if it does not exist.
* Install steam, if it is not installed.
* Install the Steam Compositor and Steam Mode Switch.
* Install the latest Nvidia drivers (must restart and rerun nvidia_installer.sh)
* Configure autologin for the `steam` user account.
* Create `reboot-to-[steamos,desktop]-mode` scripts to switch between sessions.
* Create `steamos-fg` script for games that won't run in the foreground on the SteamOS Compositor.

## Installation
Installation is very simple. Follow these steps to install SteamOS-Clear:
 
`git clone https://github.com/captsilver/steamos-clear.git`   
`cd steamos-clear`    
`sudo ./install.sh "insert steam user name here"`
`/usr/bin/steam`

After you run steam and it installs the client package, you should restart.

If you are using Nvidia, you must restart and rerun `sudo nvidia_installer.sh` in the steamos-clear folder.

## Advanced Options
The installation script has several options that you can specify upon installation
in the form of environment variables. You can specify these options by prefixing
running the install script with the options you want.

For example, if you want to disable installing OpenSSH and run the script non-
interactively, you can run this command:

`INCLUDE_OPENSSH=false NON_INTERACTIVE=true sudo ./install.sh`

Here is the list of all the available installation options:

| Option Name          | Default | Description                                              |
| -------------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `INCLUDE_OPENSSH`    | true    | Whether or not OpenSSH server should be installed        |
| `INCLUDE_SAKURA`     | true    | Whether or not to install a terminal emulator            |
| `INCLUDE_FFMPEG`     | true    | Whether or not to install ffmpeg                         |
| `INCLUDE_PROTONFIX`  | true    | Whether or not to install Protonfix                      |
| `INCLUDE_GPU_DRIVERS`| true    | Whether or not to install the latest GPU drivers         |
| `GPU_TYPE`           | auto    | GPU drivers to install. Can be: auto, nvidia, amd, intel |
| `NON_INTERACTIVE`    | false   | Whether or not to prompt the user during install         |

## FAQ

### How can I switch between desktop mode and SteamOS mode?

After installation, there will not be an easy way to switch between a regular
Gnome desktop session and Steam. In order to make it easier to switch between
the two, there are two commands that are installed that will let you switch 
between the two:

* `reboot-to-desktop-mode` - sets gnome as the default session and reboots
* `reboot-to-steamos-mode` - sets steam as the default session and reboots

You can access the terminal from Steam by adding a local shortcut for `Sakura`.

### Some games aren't launching correctly in SteamOS mode
When using the SteamOS compositor, some games start behind the big picture UI and
no graphics are displayed. The `steamos-fg` script forces such games to be shown 
in the foreground.

Affected games this script fixes include:

    Dead Cells
    Dirt Rally
    Civilization VI
    The Count Lucanor
    Mad Max

To fix this, add `steamos-fg %command%` to the launch options for each game you 
wish to use this script with.

## Attributions
* Alkazar for [steamos-fg](https://github.com/alkazar/steamos-fg)
* ShadowApex for [steamos-ubuntu](https://github.com/ShadowApex/steamos-ubuntu)
